presenting GBL Clip three wireless Bluetooth speaker that is compact
, lightweight and ultra portable. The speaker delivers J
. B L Signature sound with powerful base to enhance
your movie. Watching our music playback experience. The
GBL clip three is rugged, compact and comes with
a fully integrated carabiner that clips to your clothes,
belt loop or back back, making it easy to
be carried around with an I. P s seven
rating the speaker's waterproof, making it suitable for all
outdoor use even and rains. It comes with a
built in mic and a noise and echo canceling speaker
form that makes it capable of providing high quality handsfree
calling experience. With a built in 1000 EMI,
it's rechargeable lithium ion battery. The speaker provides up
to 10 hours of battery life on a single charge
. You can connect to the speaker wirelessly through Bluetooth
. The speaker is available in eight color options.
Black, white, blue, red, pink,
green, gray and teal. This product comes with
standard brand warranty. You can also pay online using
your debit or credit card, net banking or other
methods. For further information on the product warranty,
payment on delivery options and other offers, visit the
product detailed page